Add user triggered GDPR Report (#457)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/gdpr/gdpr.adoc

> = User Triggered GDPR Report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= User-Triggered GDPR Report
```

:toc: right
:description: Starting with version 3 of Infinite Scale, users can create themselves at any time a General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) report about the use of their own data in Infinite Scale.

== Introduction

> {description} When using Keycloak, some environment variables must be configured to gather user relevant data stored in Keycloak, completing the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{description} When using Keycloak, some environment variables must be configured to gather user-relevant data stored in Keycloak, completing the report.
```

== Configuration

> If Keycloak is used for authentication, GDPR regulations require to add all personal identifiable information that Keycloak has about the user to the personal data export. To configure these settings, see the xref:{s-path}/graph.adoc#keycloak-configuration-for-the-personal-data-export[Keycloak Configuration For The Personal Data Export] for more details. Beside that, no additional configuration is necessary as everything works out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Keycloak is used for authentication, GDPR regulations require to add all personal identifiable information that Keycloak has about the user to the personal data export. To configure these settings, see the xref:{s-path}/graph.adoc#keycloak-configuration-for-the-personal-data-export[Keycloak Configuration for the Personal Data Export] for more details. Beside that, no additional configuration is necessary as everything works out of the box.
```

== User Workflow

> The following images show how easy a user can create his own GDPR report without any additional admin request. Note that the example images are subject of change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following images show how easy it is for users to create their own GDPR report without any additional admin requests. Note that the example images are subject of change.
```
